Clarify DSCP (#174)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

for differentiated treatment of the tunneled IP packets on the path between the
IP proxying endpoints.

When a connection is congestion-controlled, marking packets with different DSCP
can lead to reordering between them, and that can in turn lead the congestion

> controller to perform poorly. If tunneled packets are subject to congestion

Reviewer: I would suggest to clarify that it is the "... in turn lead the HTTP connection's congestion controller to perform poorly."

Author: Done

> control by the outer connection, they need to avoid carrying different DSCP

Reviewer 2: Do we want to clarify that the possible solutions to this are multiple HTTP/3 connections with independent CONNECT-IP sessions?

Author: Isn't that already there further down in that paragraph?

Reviewer 2: Yes, you're right, but I had to read it 3 times to notice. I think it gets missed with the note to scope on particular DSCP values. Maybe let's add a newline and separate that out into its own paragraph, since it's kind of a separate thought?

> markings to prevent this situation. In this scenario, the IP

Reviewer: "carrying different DSCP markings" is over simplifying it. It is carrying DSCP that are not equivalent in forwarding behaviour that is the issue.

Author: Done

for differentiated treatment of the tunneled IP packets on the path between the
IP proxying endpoints.

When an HTTP connection is congestion-controlled, marking packets with

> different DSCP can lead to reordering between them, and that can in turn lead

Reviewer 3: It not only reordering. Also getting different delay samples can break delay based cc.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to go that much into detail?

Reviewer: I think you simplification works fine here. As the relevant aspect cut out appear to covered in later sentences.

Reviewer 3: I know this has been merged now but this comment of mine was addressed. reordering alone is not the problem.

> the HTTP connection's congestion controller to perform poorly. If tunneled

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the underlying transport connection's congestion controller to perform poorly. If tunneled
```
